hey this is Anthony we can watch decide
and ride welcome to our detailed
breakdown of the new Dianna's a street
rider jacket available at revzilla.com
[Music]
to my left I have high vis brian wearing
the new buck street rider jacket very
unique style this fall from dianese it
is one of my favorite pieces in their
new collection you can see that it is
full grain leather it's going to be
cowhide comes in a dark brown which HVB
is wearing there's also a black but it's
new buck which means it almost has that
swated feel to it and it has you can see
a very clean line to it we like this for
the city rider we like this for the
power cruiser rider think the Diablo guy
guy that wants muted badass really a
clean classic style not gonna be as
aggressive in shape as something like
your speed naked that has a similar feel
to it and again it's a little bit of
step up in functionality over something
like the stripes and again you can see
some of the things that pop right out
the embossed I nazy logos the dual
stitching Dionysia logo across the chest
and you're going to have those sliders
on the shoulders that are matte black
they're aluminum there backed with pro
shape armor and some foam that comes all
the way down made of humerus so again
you have a full ECE rated jacket with
elbow shoulder and the availability to
insert the Dainese split chest protector
as well as insert any wave or any g2
back protector to add that seee level of
protection in the back now quick note on
sizing high vis Brian oh you're not so
visible we covered you up six-foot 195
42 inch chest he's wearing a size 52 in
the dying as a street rider matches up
they get the American market and again
you could see slight pre shape on this
not super aggressive race appreciate but
it's meant to be comfortable think power
cruiser guy on in Diavel will be
comfortableness all day long and
everything you're everything that's
tucked in supposed to be where it's
supposed to be the other thing to keep
in mind is the Diane is a street rider
also comes in a perforated and a non
perforated version this is your non
perforated here to my left now if you're
curious about fitment remember we're
gonna ship for free you can always call
us as well and I'd love for you to click
right here subscribe to us at RevZilla
TV leave me your comments your questions
your feedback yell at high vis Brian on
this street rider in the comment section
on RevZilla TV on our youtube channel
now into some of the other nuances I
talked about some of the things that
jumped out that I really dug one of the
you're gonna notice is there's no
reflectivities on this jacket some folks
might not like that I kind of dig it I
like that they went out and they did one
jacket that they said it doesn't have to
be reflective we're doing this for the
guy that wants a little bit more of a
muted classic design dual snap here
Dinah's a embossed snap up here at the
collar using premium zippers notice here
in the chest you're going to have two
layers of leather you have a dark brown
that matches on top of a contrast black
again done this suede or nubuck style
notice that contrasting down on the hand
warmer pockets and then in true seee
fashion you're gonna see snap premium
zipper as well as leather backing down
here along the wrist again very simple
in its design you can wear it with a
gauntlet glove most cases you're
probably gonna rock it with a short cuff
glove again nice and clean turn the face
away from me now we talk about the
shoulder armor matte black which I
really dig they're clean and classic and
they're nasty you're going to have that
aluminum hard part again cee rated pro
shape armor which is very soft and
flexible underneath a little bit of
padding goes all the way down here again
to the mid pew muris which is the bone
between your shoulder and your elbow and
then you're gonna have proprietary
Dainese armor in the elbow that goes all
the way down to the forum ending about
there great coverage here on the DNA's a
armored setup on this bad boy notice
down here along the waist dual snap for
adjustability it's there kind of more
for looks more than function but it does
give you the ability to cinch it in if
you're really thin turned backwards for
me a TV and you know what some folks
again this is where it gets into that
flexibility factor guys love the
accordion stretch panel the micro
elastication the s-1 stretch what we see
on other jackets this jacket said nope
we're going for style so here in the
back you have room to move
but again nice and clean on the back big
emboss Diana is a logo micro
elastication here in the collar and
notice that contra has black there of
that new buck just kind of setting it
off come back around the front for me
unzip it one of the things you're going
to notice when hi-viz bryant opens this
up because besides the fact they just so
damn visible is that you're gonna see on
the inside it's the premium sanitized
liner here's my pocket for that DNA is a
split chest protector notice there is a
360 degrees zip and you could show that
brian is wearing a 50 in this but that's
a sample size 50 so remember he is a 52
with a 42 inch chest and what I am going
to call out is that I really like that
you can't see is the 3d bubble liner in
the back so create that microclimate
within the jacket again your back is
going to sweat especially if you have a
back protector in there and you're going
to actually have the ability to create
micro-climate you're gonna stay nice and
cool nice and comfortable now on the
seasonality factor remember there's no
vents here the speed Nick it has vents
it's more sport oriented spring and fall
you're rock solid good to go
middle of summer you're gonna get a
little warm unless you want to
completely unzip it but if you was if it
all the way up and you layer it with
something you can stretch it a little
further into the winter but I'm never
gonna recommend that you ride this bad
boy into in climate or rain because the
new buck leather is gonna show those
marks just like a suede would now keep
in mind the next step in your journey is
to click right here read other rider
reviews of the Dianna's a street rider
at revzilla.com you don't have to take
my word for it but remember I was
excited about it and I'm the guy that
sees everything as always we're going to
ship for free over forty bucks which is
just about everything and if you want to
call and talk to a gear geek you can do
that
see us at revzilla.com or
you